(Episode 29)
Do you think it's just fun and games for me?
Why do you only think about yourself?
I don't only think about myself.
When I ask where you are, just tell me.
Do you think I ask you that just to hear where you are?
I don't care if I drown or freeze to death with you.
That's why I asked if we could live together, but you said no.
I'm willing to enter your life and share your pain.
But why are you pushing me away?
I told you that I have family issues and that they're not easy to handle.
Do you think our family doesn't have any issues?
Every family has issues of their own.
It may have been hard for you, but it might not be so for me.
My mom and dad...
had trouble having a baby for a long time even after they got married.
Because of that, their parents were apparently very worried.
Then they had me.
That's why they always expected a lot from me ever since I was young.
How can I tell her my parents got married because they had me?
My parents thought...
it was very important to raise us into becoming independent.
They were so in love that they cared less about their children.
That used to upset me when I was young.
My mom thinks the person who is able to give is the strong one.
So she gives gifts to everyone around her.
Aren't you tired?
Should I get off?
No, I'm not tired.
When I talked to him about my family,
all he said to me was,
"I'm not tired."
(Temperature of Love)
Why did you wash your hair at night?
I felt frustrated.
This is why I don't date.
Give it to me.
I'm emotionally exhausted just by watching you.
I'm going to work until dawn.
I have a meeting with Joon Ha tomorrow.
Living life like Hong Ah might actually be the best thing.
I haven't heard from her lately. How is she doing?
She's not meeting anyone these days.
She lives off the joy of having a lot of social network followers.
(Trying to meet the deadline, Pulling an all-nighter)
(Working hard, Miniseries debut, Love does not exist.)
Your photos are pretty. Let's follow each other.
You thought I'd miss you guys, didn't you?
I only treated them with love.
Why didn't you go home yet?
I thought I should do the little things to be blessed.
Let's calculate how much money we'll need for the restaurant.
We have two million dollars of deposit for the building.
But we can't use that money because that's the key money.
It'd be great if I could help out at times like this.
Where would you get the money? Your family let you go.
That won't last forever. They'll take me back in eventually.
Of course, I should already be successful by then.
Then let's say we don't earn any money for a while.
How much would we need to maintain the restaurant for about six months?
Around two million dollars.
That's a lot of money.
How much money did you borrow?
I was able to get an adequate amount since it's in Pangyo.
But I need to pay back money for something else.
What?
My mom's debt.
I was surprised to get a call from you saying that you want to meet.
Of course, I'm sure it's because you have something to say to me.
Here.
That's the list of contributions I got from Mr. Park.
You don't need to pay him back.
He did that because he likes my drawings.
I'll go now.
What a surprise to see you.
Come inside.
- Drink up. - I met up with Professor Min.
Why?
Because I didn't think you would've told me the exact amount.
I need to know exactly how much you owe.
My gosh, you're so fastidious.
It's natural for friends to help one another.
You can always pay him back.
You're a very promising chef.
Why do you think Mr. Park invested in you?
He invested in you because he knew you were worth it.
He would never listen to me when I told him to buy Daniel's work.
That means it wasn't a contribution.
A contribution is made when someone sees artistic value in that artist.
I came to talk about how we should settle things.
You said you got yourself in debt because I didn't give you any money.
How much do you need a month?
Are you going to give me money?
Let me hear how much first.
The jjajangmyun here is really tasty.
Are you buying today?
You really like eating free food.
Kyung hates free stuff.
I'm really glad I became friends with you.
What does that mean?
She knows what kind of person I am.
You've known me for quite some time, but you don't know me at all.
You're so shallow.
Hurry up and eat. Aren't you going to Good Soup today?
You said that place is full of young, handsome chefs.
It's their day off today.
My gosh.
- Aren't you going to go on a date? - "A date"?
I said I'm going to work really hard.
But I should go do an interview.
- "Kill 2 birds with 1 stone". - "Light 2 candles with 1 flame".
(Hyun Soo)
It's me.
Where are you?
I'm here to see Jung Woo.
I see.
Will you be a while?
I need to interview Chef On.
It won't take long. I'll see you at Good Soup.
Okay.
Chef On is here, sir.
Please bring us tea.
Yes, sir.
Have a seat.
I'll make it short since you're busy.
I calculated what my mom owes you.
Including the amount you donated to Professor Min.
But I can't pay you back all at once,
so I want to make monthly installments.
What if I say no?
If you say no...
Tell me what you want. I'll do as much as I can.
Claim-obligation relationship lasts longer...
than a love relationship.
Let's go long term.
Thank you.
I should be thankful.
(Father)
Hello.
I need to see you. I'm on my way.
Something important came up. Let's postpone the interview.
I'll call you after work.
I'm already here though.
I guess he didn't take his car.
What kind of restaurant closes on Mondays?
I need to prepare things to run the restaurant.
What brings you here?
(A certified copy of real estate register)
What's this?
I told you not to sell that land.
I didn't sell it.
At this rate, you will.
It's my land. I'll take care of it.
The value will go up if you hold on to it.
I'm saying this for you.
Am I even in your life?
Of course. You're my son.
Why did you take out a secured loan?
I needed it to run the restaurant.
Then you shouldn't take a day off. Why is your restaurant closed today?
I thought you were something since you were in a magazine,
but I guess what you do only looks good on the outside.
That's why I tried to stop you from cooking.
You should've gotten a professional career.
I asked you to live with me, but you refused.
Your mom ruined you.
I chose Mom because she was the weak one.
How...
can you be so dignified when you made your child...
choose between his mom and dad?
Are you resenting me?
When I followed Mom to France,
there were times when I missed you, but...
because I didn't want to be like you,
I hated myself for missing you.
What's wrong with me?
Why wouldn't you want to be like me?
I've been living a stable, exemplary life.
You abused your wife.
Don't you think you're too ignorant of your life?
Chef? Chef, I'm afraid there has been a complaint.
(Jung Sun)
Are you coming to interview me today?
I'm in the parking lot.
(I'm in the parking lot.)
Where do you work?
Usually this is my work area. It's called "passe".
Wait. Let me record this.
What is "passe"?
Passe means a path.
This is where a chef does the plating...
and does the final inspection.
What's this?
Heat lamp.
It heats up the food.
Why did you become a chef?
My mom's influence.
She was a homemaker until I was 12.
She made everything from bread to cookies at home.
So my friends loved to come over.
You said it only took a minute to decide to be a chef.
One day, my mom didn't come home until very late.
I was eating alone, and I thought...
"I should become a chef."
Do you want to see the fridge next?
I saw it the other day already.
Rather...
I want to look inside Chef On.
A person's occupation reveals a lot about that person.
I need to do that to illustrate the main character.
Wasn't your dad against you becoming a chef?
He was.
But his objection didn't stop me.
What else should I show you?
A chef-owner cooks and runs a restaurant too.
What's the hardest thing?
Paying the employees on time.
Depending on whether I do or not,
they live or they don't.
Did you pay them on time this month?
Yes, I did.
With the secured loan you took out?
Won Joon told you too much.
You don't need to be concerned.
Other than money, is there anything that troubles you?
Of course there is.
Your mother?
I don't want to talk about my mom.
I'm thinking how much longer I should hold back.
"I can't hold back any longer."
Isn't that what you're saying now?
I've been waiting.
You got angry at me for seeing your mother.
I was upset then.
I let it go because it seemed like you didn't like it.
I'm walking on thin ice.
When will you allow me to be in your life?
You're already in my life.
Then why I don't I feel that way?
I allowed you to be in my life.
I cried, yelled, and showed you everything.
Have you ever cried in front of me?
Don't cry alone.
Crying alone means you aren't letting me in your life.
I need to know exactly what pains you,
so I could love you and understand you more deeply.
Do you want a casual relationship?
Aren't you being too drastic?
I have never shared my pain with someone.
You can't ask me to do that right away.
It isn't right away. There were several chances.
When I asked you to live with me.
When I met your mother.
You don't know...
what the children of messed-up parents are like.
I'll tell you when it's time.
Your mother told me why she got a divorce.
Did you see my mom again? I told you not to.
Why are you getting angry?
She told me the last time I met her.
Thinking about my mom makes me angry.
Do you really have to go there?
Don't you think it's better to end things on a good note?
How is ending things on a good note better?
It's better to answer clearly and put an end to it.
I'll go now.
It's useless and upsetting to talk to someone who refuses to open up.
[VIU Ver] E29 Temperature of Love "Let Me In"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Bring them.
You talk as if that's really easy.
You worked with them before.
Why would they work with me again just because of that reason?
I thought casting would be easy because you're a famous director.
But I can still cast the ones who aren't...
doing as well as they used to do before.
Come in.
Mr. Park gave you this to eat during your meeting.
What's he doing right now?
Orion came in as number one in a music program, so he's celebrating.
I'll be right back.
Thank you, Mr. Park.
- What? - Move over.
Mr. Park, I love you.
- This is all thanks to you. - We'll do our best.
- Good job. - Stick closer to the center.
- Mr. Park. - Hello, Writer Ji.
Congratulations. I heard you came, so I came to congratulate you.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
Can I take a photo with you?
- Yes. - Yes.
Okay.
In 1, 2, 3.
(On Entertainment's Orion, Casting actors)
(When will I get the perfect actor?)
(I'm enjoying life today again.)
You must like doing social media.
I think it's a waste of time to devote yourself to someone else.
Don't you feel the same way?
We're discussing the organization of your drama with JK.
You're changing the subject.
I guess relationships are your weakness.
You're very loyal to your desires. That's your strength.
People will love your work.
Isn't it difficult to see Hyun Soo?
You should just cancel the contract.
It's difficult to find a good writer.
So why would I do that?
I liked Jung Sun for about four years. And now, I don't.
When I put things to an end,
I realized that my feelings for him weren't sincere.
You should try to do the same.
Then you'll find out.
You'll find out if it was real or fake.
The fact that you can end it is enough to tell that it's fake.
Hyun Soo.
Did something bad happen during the interview?
Didn't you get to meet Chef On?
I met him.
Then why the long face?
I guess your love is about to get deeper.
I wish.
(Dad)
Hey, Dad.
Are you busy today?
Why?
Can you go to the hospital with your mom?
I have a lot of work to do, so I think I'll finish late.
Your mom can go by herself, but I just feel bad.
Okay, Dad.
I should go back out. I need to take my mom to the hospital.
Is she sick?
She had menopause. Her hormones must be giving her a hard time.
I'm walking on thin ice.
I'm by your side.
I allowed you to be in my life.
Don't cry alone.
Crying alone means you aren't letting me in your life.
When will you allow me to be in your life?
You're already in my life.
There it is. I like this.
What don't you like?
You're right. I like everything.
What's this?
I figured you would've finished them.
(Seowoo Hospital)
You didn't have to come.
Your dad really overreacts too much.
Ms. Park Mi Na, please come in.
Okay. Let's go.
Since when did you start having bad headaches?
It's been around two months.
It got better whenever I took medicine.
I recently took a CT scan, and the results were fine.
Where and how does it hurt?
I have headaches right here.
Just a moment.
Don't move your chin, and look at my nose.
Please keep looking at my hand.
Down.
Now, I want you to tightly hold my hands.
Tighter.
Okay. Now, let's try the other hand.
Okay, thank you.
I think you'll need to get another checkup.
(CT Scan Room)
Mom, I'll hold this.
What's wrong with you?
Why are you treating me like a critical patient?
I'll carry my own bag.
My gosh, why are you so sensitive? I was just holding onto your bag.
Didn't you hear the nurse earlier?
"Ms. Park's guardian".
Okay, my guardian.
But I refuse for now.
I don't think you can call yourself his guardian.
Jung Sun's not married yet, so I am his guardian.
I have something to say to you.
Are you really not going to meet me?
Do you know how much Jung Sun likes you?
He grew up with no brothers.
And he wasn't even able to receive any love from his father.
He rarely leans on others.
But that wasn't the case when he was with you.
I'm pretty sure you understand. You don't seem to have any friends.
Well, I'm just saying that you would've...
stomped on so many others to succeed...
No. What I meant to say is that...
you're a great person.
Must you receive money from Jung Sun?
I'm the one who borrowed it from you, so I'll pay you back.
It may take some time, but I'll pay you back.
I didn't expect you to pay me back when I gave you money.
Right?
You're so generous.
But...
I don't intend on stopping him if he wishes to pay me back.
You should stick to your original thought.
Why would you get swayed by what he decides to do?
You said you weren't planning on taking back any money.
You must be tired of listening to me.
I'm quick-witted because I lived my life tip-toeing around others.
That's why I'm saying this to you.
I can't bear to see someone give Jung Sun a hard time.
What should I do in order to make you go easy on him?
Should I get down on my knees?
I can get down a hundred times more for Jung Sun.
You're so weird.
What do you mean?
When I sometimes meet you,
I wonder how it would've been...
if my mom were still alive.
I would've been really good friends with her.
You and Jung Sun are close.
So your mother and I would've been close too.
Yes, you should smile like that.
I'll be a mother to you since your mother has passed away.
Did you change your mind?
You're smiling, so I'm guessing that you have.
I'm fun, aren't I?
Yes, you're fun.
Do you know how hard it is to be fun?
Let's stay close like family just like how we used to before.
Is it because of Hyun Soo?
She's crazy. You should just give up on her.
I told her everything about me, but she still chose to be with Jung Sun.
She's crazy. How can she think about accepting me?
You may think there's only one love in this world because you're young.
But someone new will come along. This is not the end.
And you can keep meeting new people.
Why are you obsessing over one woman when you're rich?
You have cerebral aneurysm.
"Cerebral aneurysm"?
Yes.
Your blood vessels are inflated like a balloon.
But her last CT scan showed that she was fine.
That's because they weren't inflated back then.
Then what do I need to do?
If your blood vessels burst, it'll damage your brain severely.
You need to receive surgery as soon as possible.
Then please schedule a surgery for her.
But the thing is, it's not that easy.
(Seowoo Hospital)
It's okay, Mom.
We fixed a surgery date.
So you can just wait while you take your medicine.
I'm so upset.
- I'll pick it up. - I'll...
I'll pick it up.
It's okay, Mom.
(Episode 30 will air shortly.)